Bootstrap registry project WIP (#5)
loomjs/loom: packages/registry/README.md

> ### Regisrty api

Reviewer: typo

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Registry api
```

> "Registry" doesn't store the modules themselves, just the data about them. For communication with loom runtime on one hand, and developers on the other, Registry exposes REST API. Main resource of this API is a Module. For more details please read [Registry API documentation](./docs/API.md).  

Reviewer: Don't start your README with a "doesn't" but rather with a "does"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`registry` is a REST API that stores information about the available loom modules. It does not store the modules' bundles themselves. Its main resource is a `module`. 
For more details please read [Registry API documentation](./docs/API.md).  
```

### Development

> Node version: v10.16.0

Reviewer: Any reason to not use 11?
